New build pipeline (#3160)
ethereum/web3.js: README.md

meteor add ethereum:web3
```

### Browser

> There are three ways to use this package in the browser:

Reviewer: I really like this more detailed explanation.

- Install it with ``npm`` and bundle it with the preferred bundler (rollup, webpack, or parcel).
- Use the ``unpkg`` or ``jsdelivr`` CDN.
- Install it with ``npm`` and load the minified file from the ``node_modules`` folder.

> If you use the CDN or minified version from the ``node_modules`` folder will a ``window.Web3`` property exists in your browser.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you use the CDN or minified version from the ``node_modules`` folder, a ``Web3`` property will be exposed on the ``window`` object in your browser.
```

- ``jsdelivr``
  + Will be used from the ``jsdelivr`` CDN and does contain the minified UMD formatted bundle.
  
**Configuration**

The base configuration is located in the root folder of this repository and does return the configuration function which will be used in each package of this project. 

Properties of the [config function](https://github.com/ethereum/web3.js/tree/1.x/rollup.config.js): 

- ``name: string``
  + Will be used for named exports
- ``outputFileName: string``
  + Name of the output file
- ``globals: {[key: string]: string}``
  + pre-defined names for the globally available packages (used in CJS and ESM)
- ``dedupe: string[]``
  + Will be used to remove duplicated modules in the minified UMD bundles.
- ``namedExports: boolean``
  + Simple config to activate named exports for the bundles of a package
  
Example Usage:
``` javascript
import pkg from './package.json';
import rollupConfig from '../../rollup.config';

export default rollupConfig(
    'Web3Net',
    pkg.name,
    {
        'web3-core': 'Web3Core',
        'web3-core-method': 'Web3CoreMethod',
        'web3-utils': 'Web3Utils'
    },
    ['bn.js', 'elliptic', 'js-sha3', 'underscore']

> );

Reviewer 2: Nice!

```

### Testing 

**Scripts**

- ``test:unit`` - Runs just the unit tests
- ``test:e2e:ganache`` - Runs the e2e tests with ganache
- ``test:e2e:geth:auto`` - Runs the e2e tests with geth automine
- ``test:e2e:geth:insta`` - Runs the e2e tests with geth instaseal
- ``test:e2e:clients`` - Runs the e2e tests with geth and ganache
- ``test:e2e:chrome`` - Runs the e2e tests in Chrome
- ``test:e2e:firefox`` - Runs the e2e tests in Firefox
- ``test:e2e:browsers`` - Runs the e2e tests in Chrome and Firefox
- ``test:e2e:publish`` - Creates a virtual npm registry for running third party tests

> - ``test:e2e:truffle`` - Runs the truffle tests with the current working state of web3

Reviewer 2: Nice!
